Earlier we saw how we can use the console for debugging.
And now let's look at some more ways to pass some information to other web developers or even to ourselves
for debug debugging or for just documenting and commenting purposes.
So we see that within our editor we've got a couple lines of code here so we've got document right.
We've got alert and let's say for instance I don't want to keep showing up.
So I find this little pop up box every time I load my page.
It's getting really annoying.
And I want to simply I don't want to run this particular statement.
So the easiest way to get rid of it.
But also keep it within my code because you never know just in case later on I might want to have that
back in my code so I don't want to completely just delete it and then have to figure out how to write
it again.
I'm just wanted to comment that and so now when I refreshed my page we see that the document right writes
the page and I am refreshed in that page.
So what's happening right now is that not alert simply isn't firing off.
And if I do the same thing here for that document right.
So this is just two forward slashes and that gives me the ability to comment out the code and bracket's
is doing a great job here of bringing out that information because basically what this means is that
we're not actually writing out that information.
So let's say for instance I've got quite a bit of code so I've got a bunch of these little worlds and
all of a sudden I realized well I don't need five Hello worlds repeating and I want to get rid of some
of them.
So there is a way to commentate multiple lines so I could just as easily go like this commented out
but there's another way to do that.
And that is with the same four slash but doing the asterisks.
And then once you've gone through and you're satisfied that this is the chunk of code that I want to
commentate then you just do it in backwards format where you do the Asterix and the forward slash.
And we see that brackets grees this information out.
And actually what I'm probably going to do is me that can move it even on top there.
So this gives us an easy way to block chunks of code and you'll see this used as well for multiple comments
or instructions.
So I want to give myself credit it's about something or I want to add I don't want to forget.
So don't forget to say hello or maybe we can say don't forget to say good bye.
So this would just be some additional information within our code that we can be going through.
And all of a sudden where we see that.
OK well we've added this here and there's a reason that we've added this and that we should say don't
forget to say goodbye.
So I said hello.
And we also want to say goodbye.
So another way to add comments in is to do it after the statement.
So you see this as well so if it's pertaining for a particular line of code.
So over here we want to say good bye change to good bye.
So you can make notes about your code.
And this gives you the ability when you revisit it later to see what you were thinking at the time.
And if you are going through a bunch of logic sometimes it's not beneficial to jump to something else
and then go back to what you want to do as quickly.
Comment something.
Make note of that and be able to retrieve that same line of thinking later on.
So now I know that even if I was to close the file up if I came back a week a month two years later
I know that I still had to do to change this tune goodbye.
So I've got multiple messages here to myself.
And this again this is not showing up within the browser so it's not going to be visible within the
browser.
And now when I open this up two years later I know that I can change it to goodbye
and I can refresh the code.
And now it's been changed to good bye.
And at that point if I've already completed the changes the way that I usually do this is that if I've
made a note and if I want to make a change after I've made the note I can get rid of that so I can get
rid of those comments and continue on with my code.
So that's usually how I do it.
And you can use these comments in a number of different ways to benefit within your programming.
So what I want you to do now is to open up your javascript file and create some comments.
So all you have to do is either slash it or slash Asterix or strict slash and add in some information
maybe write down your thoughts of what you want to do within the application so let you know that next
time you open up that file you know what you want to do within that code.
So the next lesson we're going to be working through what we've learned in the previous lessons what
a javascript exercise where we're going to create an HTML page and we can add some javascript to that
page.
So that's coming up in the next lesson.